Mission statement 
To create a version of your body that makes you the happiest and healthiest version of yourself. 

Our Mission
We created InShape to help college students, like ourselves, find ways to be healthy that did not solely revolve around 
exercise, or lack thereof. There are so many components to leading a healthy lifestyle - why not understand them all? 

As busy college students, we understand that there are days where you can’t find time to make it to the gym. Sometimes, 
busy schedules prevent us from getting to the gym for multiple days at a time. You don’t want to feel gross and groggy 
simply because you didn’t hit your exercise goal, do you? How can we lead healthy lifestyles without exclusively focusing 
on activity levels? 

This is where a complete healthy lifestyle matters. Being “healthy” does not just mean working out. Leading a healthy 
lifestyle also incorporates nutrition. Our goal is to provide individuals with foods, recipes, and exercises that pertain 
to the individual. No two bodies are the same, which means that no two people need to eat the same foods or exercise the 
same way every day. 

It is possible to change your body through just your diet without exercise, but this does not create a healthy body and 
lifestyle. A healthy diet does not only help you look good, but also helps you feel good. Eating the right foods for your
body provides energy and fuel. Your energy will be more sustainable if you eat foods that contain the vitamins your body 
needs rather than crashing from eating only a doughnut for breakfast. 

InShape provides you with ways to meet your individual goals through nutrition and exercise. Looking to lose weight or 
gain muscle mass? InShape tells you exactly how to get there and how to stay on track. We want you to look and feel as 
amazing as you are. Come join us to begin your journey to being the happiest and healthiest version of yourself! 

Who We Are 
Becca, Beth, Dogacan, and Erce 

We are 4 college students trying to maintain a lifestyle thot promotes health, happiness, and overall well-being. 
Studying Computer Science is time consuming and often mentally exhausting. Incorporating exercise and nutrition into 
our daily lives is tough, not to mention creating workout and food plans to best suit our needs. This led us to the 
idea of InShape. We wanted a simple way to achieve an active lifestyle and healthy body. Our goal is to inspire those 
who struggle to find time to dedicate to themselves to put themselves and a healthy lifestyle first! 

Testimonials 
InShape really helped me turn my lifestyle around! I always put my health on the back burner because of how busy I was 
with academics in college and then with work once I graduated. It wasn’t until a friend mentioned InShape to me that I 
started to look into the importance of exercise and nutrition. The benefits were too good to ignore, so I started using 
InShape to create my exercise and nutrition plans. Thanks, InShape!
- Caroline 

I’m so grateful for InShape. When I finally admitted I needed to make a lifestyle change, I went right to InShape. It 
helped me combine exercise and nutrition to create a version of myself that I am so proud of! I lost 20 pounds by paying
more careful attention to my diet and exercising in ways that focused on more than only cardio. I’ve never looked or felt 
so good! 
- Liv 

I never thought InShape would change my life. I never even thought nutrition would change me! But using InShape improved 
my energy levels, productivity, and self-esteem. I’ve never felt this good before! InShape was an enjoyable way to focus
on my food choices. It makes it so easy to find recipes that I’ll enjoy and that are good for what my body really needs. 
I don’t know where I’d be without InShape! 
- Jack 
